Hi, I'm Tim. I'm an artist in Los Angeles and the founder of Jovie.
Check out what Jovie just found.
Cosmic Gate is playing EDC this weekend. Jovie knows I have a song with them called The Deep End.
It connects that to the song's trance-market history, my fan graph, my Jovie Link activity, and the fact that Prime Day is coming in June.
So Jovie recommends a surprise drop for next weekend.
It gives me three campaign options with revenue math: a tee, a poster, and a hoodie.
I approve the tee.
Now Jovie creates the campaign, updates my smart link, drafts the fan notification, selects the audience, creates content tasks, schedules the launch, and monitors performance.
This is why we built Jovie as an operating system. We had to control the front data layer.
Artist profiles, smart links, fan notifications, payments, and campaign data.
Then we realized the same agentic tools we use to run Jovie and ship thousands of PRs could help artists actually do the work.
Jovie imports the artist's catalog and creates release workflows from 15 years of music industry experience.
Jovie closes the loop from signal to campaign to fan action.